ag-branding: New colours for selectedMuted (#1342)
steelthreads/agds-next: .changeset/swift-crabs-sell.md

---
'@ag.ds-next/react': patch
---

> core: Updated selectedMuted to a new blue color

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ag-branding: Updated selectedMuted to a new blue color
```
